Update pmc verification docs (#61271)
mistercrunch/Airflow: dev/README_RELEASE_HELM_CHART.md

```shell
VERSION=12.0.1
VERSION_SUFFIX=rc1
VERSION_RC=${VERSION}${VERSION_SUFFIX}
```

3. Check-out the branch from which the release was made and cleanup dist folder:

```shell
git checkout helm-chart/${VERSION_RC}
rm -rf dist/*
```

4. Build the source tarball and package. Since you are not releasing the package, you should ignore version
   check and skip tagging. There is no need to specify version as it is stored in Chart.yaml of the rc tag.

```shell
breeze release-management prepare-helm-chart-tarball --version-suffix ${VERSION_SUFFIX} --ignore-version-check --skip-tagging
breeze release-management prepare-helm-chart-package --version-suffix ${VERSION_SUFFIX}
```

5. Compare the produced tarball binary with ones in SVN:
As a PMC member, you should be able to clone the SVN repository:

```shell script
cd ..
[ -d asf-dist ] || svn checkout --depth=immediates https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist asf-dist
svn update --set-depth=infinity asf-dist/dev/airflow
```

Or update it if you already checked it out:

```shell script
cd asf-dist/dev/airflow
svn update .
```

> Set an environment variable: PATH_TO_AIRFLOW_SVN to the root of folder where you have airflow-ctl

Author: ```suggestion
Set an environment variable: SVN_REPO_ROOT to the root of folder where you have helm-chart
```
